roman/bugfix ingest pipeline reformat dir (#1717)
Unstructured-IO/unstructured: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.10.22-dev1

### Enhancements

### Features

### Fixes

> * **ingest pipeline reformat not discoverable** The reformat directory was missing the `__init__.py` needed to make it discoverable, causing an import error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Fix ingest pipeline reformat nodes not discoverable** Fixes issue where  reformat nodes raise ModuleNotFoundError on import. This was due to the directory was missing `__init__.py` in order to make it discoverable.
```

## 0.10.22-dev1

### Enhancements

### Features

### Fixes

> * **Fix ingest pipeline reformat nodes not discoverable** Fixes issue where  reformat nodes raise ModuleNotFoundError on import. This was due to the directory was missing `__init__.py` in order to make it discoverable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Fix ingest pipeline reformat nodes not discoverable** Fixes issue where  reformat nodes raise ModuleNotFoundError on import. This was due to the fact that the directory was missing `__init__.py` in order to make it discoverable.
```
